>> Francesca Sadikin: Let's move into
our Authentic Connection Exercise.
The goal is to use active listening and
these other quick connection
principles to extract each
other's full journey into tech.
Ideally, by the end of it,
we start to feel a sense of authentic
connection with each other.
That's how we know that we did this right.
[LAUGH] So there are two roles here.
There is going to be a story share,
so this is one person.
They're going to start the exercise
by giving a 10 to 15 second short
summary of their journey into tech.
Then they'll only be answering
the questions that are being asked.
So if someone ask a yes and no question,
they will answer yes and no.
Now the rest of us,
as many as those who wants to volunteer,
are going to be questioners.
Our goal is to extract the what, why, and
most importantly,
the feelings about their journey.
And so all of these techniques are used
to help understand their experience and
then make sure that they felt
that they were heard, okay?
Just a small conduct rule,
when we go into feelings and
we going into our journeys into tech,
sometimes it's a little delicate,
and so we want to ask for consent or
give them a way out before touching upon
really deeply personal life details.
There should be no pressure
to share something that for
folks are uncomfortable with.
Okay, so with that,
we can actually start this exercise.
Who wants to be the story sharer first?
>> Tech-guy 1: I was in real estate,
I did a bunch of remodels.
I heard about a boot camp to get into
tech, and I took that opportunity
to learn how to build something new
using tech, and that's where I'm at now.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So
the rest of us are questioners, and
I'll also be jumping in, but I'm gonna
give the floor to you guys first.
Some questions here.
>> Tech-guy 2: Was it just interest, or
was there something motivating
you to getting to tech?
>> Tech-guy 1: There was both.
There was an interest in the sense
that I really enjoy remodeling and
working with just creating things.
And I was really very
focused in real estate.
And I saw an opportunity to
continue that without excessively
putting wear on my body through
building with software.
Combine that with seeing how
slow the ship of Real estate is,
I saw there were a lot of opportunities in
tech to build tools for clients and for
people within the real estate industry.
>> Tech-guy 2: How did that make you feel?
>> Tech-guy 1: Excited and overwhelmed.
And then really getting into it,
once I dove into
tech,
>> Tech-guy 1: How
much harder it is to actually do that,
[LAUGH] then just think about it.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Are there
other folks who have questions?
>> Female Speaker: How did you balance
those two feelings of being really excited
and overwhelmed at the same time.
>> Tech-guy 1: I think time
really balanced them for me.
>> Female Speaker: Mm-hm.
>> Tech-guy 1: Especially once
you start building things.
And I really enjoy networking.
So speaking with others
who have attempted to
build products similar
to what I had in mind,
and also enterprise
level products that and
companies who are already profitable.
It's not that my excitement died,
it became realistic and
I thought of it in more realistic terms
instead of just like a grandiose idea.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Any other questions?
There's like two things there that
someone could further dig into.
Well, I noticed and the thing that you
said previously you said it's actually
a little harder than you were expecting.
And then also like you just mentioned
just now about something being
more realistic for
it's like grandiose ideals.
What's that mean?
>> Tech-guy 1: I know we're getting
a little bit away from where I'm at in my
tech journey now, but this is more
like product development conversation.
>> Tech-guy 1: Having an idea,
you can only self-fund for
so long and there's only so
much time in the day to accomplish things.
And paralleling my intro into
getting into tech was also,
seeing how to build a product and
the nuances in that
planning of doing that.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So is that your goal
is to, still somehow build this tool that
you have in your head, but
still also try to find, like a job, or
you're like, no, I'm focusing on I
want this, this idea that I have.
>> Tech-guy 1: No I've
backed away from the idea,
I had started building something,
and then my awareness
of large language models came
out around the same time,
and like switch cases for
like things that I was building.
The product that I was building,
got turned on its head when
I was exposed to the possibilities
with machine learning.
And it kind of became irrelevant.
And so I was like,
I would need to start over to keep
up with what is currently possible.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So I'm just gonna
pause a little bit and just like,
I'm not sure if I fully
extracted everything, but
did it feel like we kind of heard you and
understood your journey?
>> Tech-guy 1: Yeah, I think so it felt.
>> Francesca Sadikin: A little bit.
>> Tech-guy 1: Yeah.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Okay, so
we're gonna just change roles again.